Add strawman repository guidelines (#3534)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/Community/Repositories.md

      unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
   4. Must follow other [contributing guidelines](Contributing.md)
      unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
   5. Must live under `github.com/openenclave/<project-name>`.
   6. Code repositories must be approved by
      [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md).
      Non-code repositories must be approved by the
      [CGC](governance/README.md).

### Temporary forks

Sometimes the Open Enclave project will want changes to other external
repositories.  Ideally, such changes would be contributed
directly to the upstream project.  However, in some cases it may be
necessary to use a temporary fork for some period of time, whether for
development, or for use while the upstream submission is being reviewed
and iterated on.  In such cases, a fork might be done under an individual's
github organization or the openenenclave organization.  (A fork is not
needed at all if a branch can be created in the related project.)

If the Open Enclave SDK needs to directly depend on a fork of the related
project, it is generally better for the fork to be done under the openenclave

> organization.  This makes it clear that Open Enclave itself, rather than
> a just a random developer, depends on the fork.

Reviewer: Redundant "~~a~~ just a" but I'd reword it to not use "random developer" as it sounds pejorative.
```suggestion
organization.  This makes it clear that fork is a dependency for the Open Enclave
SDK and is not intended for general public use.
```

Author: Done

#### Rules

>    1. Must adopt the Open Enclave [Code of Conduct](Governance.md#code-of-conduct)
>       statement in their repo.
>    2. Must use the same license and copyright rules as the forked project.
>    3. Must adopt the [DCO](Contributing.md#developer-certificate-of-origin)
>       bot automation for pull requests
>       unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
>    4. Must follow other [contributing guidelines](Contributing.md)
>       unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
>    5. Must live under `github.com/openenclave/<project-name>`.
>    6. Repository must be approved by [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository must:
   1. Adopt the Open Enclave [Code of Conduct](Governance.md#code-of-conduct)
      statement in their repo.
   2. Use the same license and copyright rules as the forked project.
   3. Adopt the [DCO](Contributing.md#developer-certificate-of-origin)
      bot automation for pull requests
      unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
   4. Follow the other [contributing guidelines](Contributing.md)
      unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
   5. Be created under `github.com/openenclave/<project-name>`.
   6. Be approved by [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md).
```

Author: Done

Other than rule 2, all other rules are the same as for core repositories.

## Creating Repositories

Requests for creating repositories can be made by filing an
[Open Enclave issue](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/issues)
if one does not already exist.

In addition to stating any deviations from the Open Enclave defaults
discussed under Rules above, any request to create a new repository
should also answer the following questions:

1. Should github issues be filed in the new repo, or in the main
   openenclave repo?

> 2. Should issues in the new repo be discussed in the master openenclave

Reviewer: This can probably be lumped in with 1 under the broader question of how issues with the new repo should be tracked and triaged.

I think a more salient question that must always be addressed is who is responsible for maintaining the new repo, how that contact info is reflected, and how "inactivity" should be measured for a given repo (particularly given the removal criteria).

Author: Done, except I didn't mention inactivity here since the removal section comes later.

   triage meeting, or in some separate process?
3. Should one or more of the existing SIGs (e.g.,
   [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md),
   [SIG-Testing](sig-testing/README.md)) oversee relevant aspects of the
   new repo, or not?

> 4. Will the repo be public or private, and if private, why?

Reviewer: I would suggest that this document only deals with public repos since we don't really discuss what might be reasonable criteria for asking for a private repo to be created. 

The one standard use case that we have for that is security advisories, and that will be addressed specifically under the documentation for that process.

Author: Done

Once a repository is created, answers to 1-3 are also expected to be
explained in the repository's README.md file, or other files reachable
from that file.

## Removing Repositories

As important as it is to add new repositories, it is equally important to prune
old repositories that are no longer relevant or useful.

It is in the best interests of everyone involved in the Open Enclave community
that our various projects and repositories are active and healthy. This ensures
that repositories are kept up to date with the latest Open Enclave wide
processes, it ensures a rapid response to potential required fixes (e.g.,
critical security problems), and (most importantly) it ensures that
contributors and users receive quick feedback on their issues and
contributions.

### Grounds for removal

Core repositories may be removed from the project if they
are deemed _inactive_. Inactive repositories are those that meet any of the
following criteria:

   * There are no longer any active maintainers for the project and no
     replacements can be found.
   * All PRs or Issues have gone un-addressed for longer than six months.

>    * There have been no new commits or other changes in more than a year.

Reviewer: Is it unreasonable to allow for some repos that may not need to churn on a regular basis (e.g. samples against stable OE SDK APIs)?

Author: This bullet was copied from the Kubernetes one, but I'll remove it, since I agree with the point and line 120 already covers the case where no changes have been done when some are actually needed.

   4. Follow the other [contributing guidelines](Contributing.md)
      unless otherwise approved by the [CGC](governance/README.md).
   5. Be created under `github.com/openenclave/<project-name>`.
   6. Be approved by [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md).

Other than rule 2, all other rules are the same as for core repositories.

## Creating Repositories

Requests for creating repositories can be made by filing an
[Open Enclave issue](https://github.com/openenclave/openenclave/issues)
if one does not already exist.

In addition to stating any deviations from the Open Enclave defaults
discussed under Rules above, any request to create a new repository
should also answer the following questions:

1. How should issues with the new repo be tracked and triaged?
   Should github issues be filed in the new repo, or in the main
   openenclave repo?  Should they be discussed in the master openenclave
   triage meeting, or in some separate process?
2. Should one or more of the existing SIGs (e.g.,
   [SIG-Architecture](sig-architecture/README.md),
   [SIG-Testing](sig-testing/README.md)) oversee relevant aspects of the
   new repo, or not?

> 3. Who is reponsible for maintaining the new repo?  How is their

Reviewer 2: I suggest the recording format for this 3rd item be standardized, so that the maintainer-list be more easily integrated with any relevant project-wide automation.

Reviewer 3: The way the [oeedger8r](https://github.com/openenclave/oeedger8r-cpp/blob/master/OWNERS) project handles this regarding the "who" I believe is ideal and it ties into automation easily.

Reviewer 3: Opening #3640 for standardization of the third.
